A vision of the future is merely a prediciton of the past.
'JavaScript is a great language'. Says nobody (except me).
Live life according to one simple rule: 'If something can happen, it will'.
You can debate it all you want, but rust syntax sucks.
{∅,{∅}} = 2
Life is a recursive mess, but I'd rather live life in recursion than ever have to program in assembly.
Writing assembly is masochism.
My level of care about your opinion on the OS I use is the Taylor Series of √x around 0.
I don't care if a massive company knows my location, I care if a massive company knows my location and doesn't tell me.
Hell is having to read Haskell.
Please stop complaining about having to grind LeetCode for a coding interview at a job that pays you $200k a year.
Spending an hour writing a script to automate a 5 minute task is the best way to spend an hour.
Perfection is the enemy of progress.
Start normalizing massive proofs.
If you aren't furiously mashing your keyboard to respond to an opinion you disagree with on Discord, you don't care enough.
Peoples' intelligence and self expression isn't linear, it's a 2d plane.
MacOs window management sucks.
If we ever reach the singularity and the AI's are sentient, they will be the most boring people in the world.
I don't care that you use Vim...
The only way to name spotify playlists is to think of a random phrase that means absolutely nothing.
Thinking that someones' intelligence is linear to their age is a sign of immaturity.
There is no such thing as a 'good' programming language. But we can all agree that Java is NOT a good programming language.
No, I am not hacking NASA with my MacBook Pro on a public starbucks network.
If you have infinite monkeys and... wait, where did we get infinite monkeys again?
Absolutely no one likes discrete math.
Don't be afraid of GitHub Copilot just because it writes better code than you.
The head of security at Uber is an idiot.
Oh you know my address? That's awesome, I know it too!
Who tf actually writes Haskell???
Who here has ever actually reversed a linked list...
